[Music]  look um  i'm not a tough guy  but i'm tougher than these guys okay  naturally if five guys jump me i'm not  gonna win the fight if it's five on one  that's not what i'm saying nobody's  invincible nobody's superman nobody's  trying to be a hero out here  but let me tell you i've really suffered  in my life i've had people threaten to  kill me when it was a real threat and  when they were in a position to kill me  and i've defended myself in life and  death situations a couple times not that  much doesn't come up that much when your  life is devoted to you know  studying books and obscure languages and  history it doesn't come up that much but  it happens  uh  and look guys  you know you can beat me up but you  can't take my dignity  if you beat me up you're still wrong and  i'm still right it doesn't change a  goddamn thing look i'm not an anarchist  and i don't agree with your i really i'm  a i believe in democracy and i think we  should use democratic non-violent means  but these guys if you want to use  violence  you want to use violence against me  you think i'm your enemy you think i'm  the guy you should cross the line for  really you can take my life but you  cannot take my dignity  and of anybody here  i'm not afraid to go to jail i'm not  afraid to go to jail in thailand  and for me to go to jail when i know i'm  innocent when i know i haven't committed  any crime  man it'd be like a vacation i would only  enjoy it and i'd come out of that jail  speak in three languages  [Music]  do  [Music]  [Applause]  [Music]  but yo durianrider is trying to say he's  not trying to send me an email he's not  trying to talk to me on the phone or by  skype no no no he's trying to find me he  wants to know my apartment number so he  can come to my door  all right homeboy  all right oh we're all terribly  impressed  he's a big man  i hear he's about six foot one  i'm about six foot three there were a  lot of uh boxing rings you know here in  chiang mai uh kickboxing but you know  western boxing also if durianrider  actually wanted to have like a charity  boxing match with me you know with the  gloves on you know a controlled  environment  he could have reserved a room  we can have a square dance  there's a slang word you don't hear from  australians we can have a square dance  [Music]  no problem no problem we're the same age  and we're about the same height  and can you can look me up during writer  [Music]  but that's not what he wants he wants to  uh motivate his goons to supposedly find  out my hotel room or my apartment number  right  so what you think he's gonna show up in  the hallway and starts you think so  maybe  better come on your a game  [Music]  do  [Music]  [Applause]  he's putting himself and his followers  in a position where there's no way for  them to win  if you're going to threaten me this way  for one thing  you're wrong you're morally wrong  because you made the threat  now if you don't back up the threat  you're doubly wrong but if you do back  up the threat you're triply wrong you're  wrong no matter what you just make  yourself look worse and sound worse  it only gets worse from here for you  [Music]